Update migration docs to work for Hosted (#2369)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-executors-explained.md

When you're learning about task execution, you'll want to be familiar with these [somewhat confusing](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/AIRFLOW-57) terms, all of which are called "environment variables." The terms themselves have changed a bit over Airflow versions, but this list is compatible with 1.10+.

> - Environment variables: A set of configurable values that allow you to dynamically fine tune your Airflow deployment. They're defined in your `airflow.cfg` (or directly through the Astro Cloud UI) and encompass everything from [email alerts](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/airflow-alerts) to DAG concurrency (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Environment variables: A set of configurable values that allow you to dynamically fine tune your Airflow deployment. They're defined in your `airflow.cfg` (or directly through the Astro Cloud UI) and include everything from [email alerts](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/airflow-alerts) to DAG concurrency (see the following).
```
